I have been learning PHP, since few weeks. Till this date the major things, i have learnt in PHP are as listed below:
    a. Crud Operation
    b. Sessions
    c. Cookies
    d. Password Hashing and Password Verify
Furthermore, I have learnt about basics PHP commands and operations. So I thought to apply my this Basics knowledge in 
creating a project. The project is called as "iDiscuss". This website is basically a code discussion related website where
the users are able to ask questions and others can answer it. I hope that it would be completed fully in 20days. So let's do it

Day_1_Update:
=>  During the project time, I am using XAMPP as the local server. I am coding in Visual Studio Code.
    I am extensively using BootStraps for the website. As of today, I have copied the starter template and navigation bar.
    Added the footer. Modified Header(Navbar) with signup and login buttons. 
    I learned few BootStraps commands like container-fluid, mb-0, my-3 etc.

Day_2_Update:
=>  The main thing we did today is create the table for categories. I created the 4 rows i.e category_id, category_name,
    category_description and created. I placed Cards in the index file and used the API to fetch the images
    The API is :https://source.unsplash.com/500x400/?programming,python. 
    I used the carousel to make the page even more attractive and yeah used the same API to fetch the images in the page.
    I used modal for two actions login and signup. Added up the form inside the Modal. Whenever the signup or login button
    is clicked the modal with login or signup will appear. 
    Added contactus page and About us page.
    Also, I learned few BootStraps commands like text-center, my-3 , col-md-4.

Day_3_Update:
=> The najor thing was pulling data from database. You already know that we had implemented the cards in the index.php page
    So, we manually entered the information from the database about diffrent categories. Then we fetch the information from
    the index page. 
    I used while loop to fetch all the information from the database. The number of categories or cards made in the page is
    according to the number of rows fetched from the database.

Day_4_Update:
=> The thing we did today was Creating a Page For Listing Threads From A Category. We used the component called Jumbotron to welcome the 
    audiences providing the information about the particular Category. We used BootStraps component called "Media Objects" to 
    list down all the questions asked about specific category.


